AdminCP User's Manual
---------------------

This document is a brief run-down of some features found in the Administration Control Panel, or ACP. Most of what's there should be self-explanatory.

If something isn't covered here and you think it should be, let me know. What's obvious to me may not be obvious to others. Either post a thread on the AFK Mods forum or open an issue in our tracker.

System Controls
---------------

Add Site Setting: This option allows you to add a new setting to the system. By itself this isn't very useful but in combination with a code change somewhere it becomes more obvious. There should be no need to use this outside of development situations.

Edit Settings:

This menu is where most of the mundane configuration is done. Most of this should be fairly straightforward. Some things to note though.

In order for spam filtering to work, you must obtain a Wordpress API Key. There is a link next to the setting that has more details on these. There are some restrictions on use, so check with the site before activating it.

Similarly with the Google Analytics ID, you need to get one of those before Analytics data can be collected from your site. Once you've obtained one, follow their instructions to copy the tracking code snippet into the settings box.

The Footer Text section allows you to insert a block of miscellaneous text that will appear at the bottom of your pages above the copyright. This box supports the use of regular HTML. In order to maintain valid HTML code you will need to be sure and escape things like ampersands with &amp;.

Cookies:

Care should be taken when setting up the cookie information, because doing the wrong thing here can cause you to get locked out of your own website.

Cookie Prefix: Can be any text you want. Usually in the form of sometext_. This allows the browser to distinguish things more clearly.

Cookie Path: Be careful with this one. If you are on a site where you don't need a path ( https://www.example.com/ ) then you should leave this set as /. If you are on a site where you have a URL that has to start off with something like https://www.example.com/folder/ then you should put that folder's name here.

Cookie Domain: This will almost always be the example.com portion of your URL. You should include a period in front, like so: .example.com If you have something like site.example.com then you should use .site.example.com for the domain.

The time to stay logged in is measured in seconds. The default value of 31536000 is one year from the current date. Setting this too low can cause you to get locked out of your site.

The checkbox for SSL security is equally important. DO NOT USE IT unless your URL starts with https:// or you will lock yourself out permanently.

Global Announcement:

This special message area allows you to have a notice on your site that is seen no matter where you are navigating. This can be useful for getting important information out to your visitors. Leaving it blank turns it off.

Database Controls
-----------------

As with the page controls, you can shoot yourself pretty badly in the foot here as well. Any SQL queries entered into the query form will be performed with the full privileges of the account your website is operating under. There should normally be no real need to use this, but it's there in case you need it. Just be aware of the dangers, especially if you're running AFKTrack on a user account with elevated database rights.